README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio
*USE NODE VERSION 14.0.0 ONLY*

## Planned Features:
*[High Priority]*
- Need to add more projects (everything from 3rd year uni and more)

*[Low Priority]*
- Add a check box to enable the mouse trail
  - Make the mouse trail default to invisible when you open the website
- Add blog for suggestions to be made directly on the website


## Changelog:

### v1.1.0 - *June 30, 2024*
- Added Plerdy tracking integration (for testing)

### v1.0.5 - *May 30, 2024*
- Added some more projects with photos, mostly from my 3rd year of University:
  - VisualPromptBuilder
  - ImmunoFortress
  - Spotify Web API Playlist/Song Analyser
  - LearnerLens
- Removed sunsetted projects
- Updated any time frames which were out of date
- Renamed all mentions of 'Unity3d' to be simply called 'Unity'
- Added two more years to the timeline, 2024 and 2025, and updated 2023

### v1.0.4 - *May 21, 2024*
- Updated and added favicons
- Added hover and click effects to the project cards
- Added minimum height and fit images for project cards. Added a break line between project stack and project description
- Updated phone number
- Hidden cursor
- Changed website logo slightly


### v1.0.3 - *Aug 15, 2023*
- Added visit buttons to projects which send to websites accordingly
    - Successfully linked the Paw Troopers website to the project visit page at: https://pawtroopers.com

### v1.0.2 hotfix - *Aug 10, 2023*
- Fixed all animation effects on mobile and PC devices

### v1.0.2 - *Aug 10, 2023*
- Added 'white hot' cursor trail which follows mouse
- Added 'blue glow' effect on mouse click
- Added a brief start up animation on site load

### v1.0.1 - *Aug 9, 2023*
- Added new projects with corresponding tags and descriptions for each project:
    - Added 'ShapeTime Continuum' Project
    - Added 'Trip Planning Weather App' Project
    - Added 'FDM Expense Management App' Project

- Added personal accomplishments:
    - Added '6 Projects Worked On (and counting)'
    - Added '8 Years Since I Started Learning Unity'
    - Added '5 Years Since I Started Learning UI/UX'
    - Added '12 Years Since I Started Learning To Code'
    - Added '0 signs of slowing down :)'

### v1.0.0 - *Aug 2, 2023*
- Created website.
- Published all content on subdomain https://zaid.netreviews.ai/

Commit message:

added google analytics in head of index.html after building and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio
*USE NODE VERSION 14.0.0 ONLY*

## Planned Features:
*[High Priority]*
~~- Need to add more projects (everything from 3rd year uni and more)~~
~~- Update everything to display that I am no longer a university student~~
- Include current work projects

*[Low Priority]*
- Add a check box to enable the mouse trail
  - Make the mouse trail default to invisible when you open the website
- Add blog for suggestions to be made directly on the website


## Changelog:

### v1.1.0 - *June 30, 2024*
- Added Google Analytics integration (for testing) *September 19, 2024*
- Added Plerdy tracking integration (for testing)

### v1.0.5 - *May 30, 2024*
- Added some more projects with photos, mostly from my 3rd year of University:
  - VisualPromptBuilder
  - ImmunoFortress
  - Spotify Web API Playlist/Song Analyser
  - LearnerLens
- Removed sunsetted projects
- Updated any time frames which were out of date
- Renamed all mentions of 'Unity3d' to be simply called 'Unity'
- Added two more years to the timeline, 2024 and 2025, and updated 2023

### v1.0.4 - *May 21, 2024*
- Updated and added favicons
- Added hover and click effects to the project cards
- Added minimum height and fit images for project cards. Added a break line between project stack and project description
- Updated phone number
- Hidden cursor
- Changed website logo slightly


### v1.0.3 - *Aug 15, 2023*
- Added visit buttons to projects which send to websites accordingly
    - Successfully linked the Paw Troopers website to the project visit page at: https://pawtroopers.com

### v1.0.2 hotfix - *Aug 10, 2023*
- Fixed all animation effects on mobile and PC devices

### v1.0.2 - *Aug 10, 2023*
- Added 'white hot' cursor trail which follows mouse
- Added 'blue glow' effect on mouse click
- Added a brief start up animation on site load

### v1.0.1 - *Aug 9, 2023*
- Added new projects with corresponding tags and descriptions for each project:
    - Added 'ShapeTime Continuum' Project
    - Added 'Trip Planning Weather App' Project
    - Added 'FDM Expense Management App' Project

- Added personal accomplishments:
    - Added '6 Projects Worked On (and counting)'
    - Added '8 Years Since I Started Learning Unity'
    - Added '5 Years Since I Started Learning UI/UX'
    - Added '12 Years Since I Started Learning To Code'
    - Added '0 signs of slowing down :)'

### v1.0.0 - *Aug 2, 2023*
- Created website.
- Published all content on subdomain https://zaid.netreviews.ai/
